Update looptool documentation (#1524)
watertap-org/watertap: docs/how_to_guides/how_to_use_loopTool_to_explore_flowsheets.rst

            param: key on the flowsheet that can be found using m.find_component (e.g., fs.costing.reverse_osmosis.membrane_cost)
            lower_limit: lower value for sampling
            upper_limit: upper value for sampling
            num_samples: number of samples to run

> Please note that .yaml only supports literals. Inputs such as 150 * 0.8 will be parsed as strings and throw error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that YAML only supports literals for numeric data types. Expression-like values such as ``150 * 0.8`` will be parsed as strings and cause errors once the YAML inputs have been loaded.
```
